Github pages (#31)
Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts: doc/src/examples/psp22.md

## Overview

This example shows how you can reuse the implementation of

> [psp22](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/main/contracts/token/psp22) token(by the same way you can reuse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[psp22](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/main/contracts/token/psp22) token (by the same way you can reuse
```

[psp721](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/main/contracts/token/psp721) and [psp1155](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/main/contracts/token/psp1155)). Also, this example shows how you can customize

> the logic, for example, to not allow transfer tokens to `hated_account`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the logic, for example, to reject transfering tokens to `hated_account`.
```

## Steps

1. Include dependencies `psp22` and `brush` in cargo file.

```markdown
[dependencies]
...

psp22 = { tag = "v0.3.0-rc1", git = "https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts", default-features = false }
brush = { tag = "v0.3.0-rc1", git = "https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts", default-features = false }

[features]
default = ["std"]
std = [
 ...
   
   "psp22/std",
   "brush/std",
]
```

2. Replace `ink::contract` macro by `brush::contract`.

>    Import **everything** from according trait modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Import **everything** from `psp22::traits`.
```

```rust
#[brush::contract]
pub mod my_psp22 {
   use psp22::traits::*;
   use ink_storage::Lazy;
   use ink_prelude::{string::String, vec::Vec};
```

3. Declare storage struct and declare the fields related to `PSP22Storage` and `PSP22MetadataStorage`

>    traits. Then you need to derive `PSP22Storage` and `PSP22MetadataStorage` traits and mark according fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   traits. Then you need to derive `PSP22Storage` and `PSP22MetadataStorage` traits and mark corresponding fields
```

>    with `#[PSP22StorageField]` and `#[PSP22MetadataStorageField]` attributes. Deriving these traits allow you to reuse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   with `#[PSP22StorageField]` and `#[PSP22MetadataStorageField]` attributes. Deriving these traits allows you to reuse
```

   the default implementation of `PSP22` and `PSP22Metadata`.

```rust
#[ink(storage)]
#[derive(Default, PSP22Storage, PSP22MetadataStorage)]
pub struct MyPSP22 {
    #[PSP22StorageField]
    psp22: PSP22Data,
    #[PSP22MetadataStorageField]
    metadata: PSP22MetadataData,
}
```

> 4. Inherit implementation of `PSP22` and `PSP22Metadata` traits. You can customize(override) methods in this `impl` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Inherit implementation of `PSP22` and `PSP22Metadata` traits. You can customize (override) methods in this `impl` block.
```

```rust
impl PSP22 for MyPSP22 {}

impl PSP22Metadata for MyPSP22 {}
```

> 5. Define constructor and your basic version of `PSP22` contract is ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Define constructor. Your basic version of `PSP22` contract is ready!
```

```rust
impl MyPSP22 {
   #[ink(constructor)]
   pub fn new(_total_supply: Balance, name: Option<String>, symbol: Option<String>, decimal: u8) -> Self {
      let mut instance = Self::default();
      Lazy::set(&mut instance.metadata.name, name);
      Lazy::set(&mut instance.metadata.symbol,symbol);
      Lazy::set(&mut instance.metadata.decimals,decimal);
      instance._mint(instance.env().caller(), _total_supply);
      instance
   }
}
```

6. Customize it by adding hated account logic. It will contain two public methods `set_hated_account` and `get_hated_account`. Also we will

>    override `_before_token_transfer` method in `PSP22` implementation. And we will add a new field to structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   override `_before_token_transfer` method in `PSP22` implementation. And we will add the `hated_account: AccountId` field to the structure.
```

>    - `hated_account: AccountId`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

pub struct MyPSP22 {
   #[PSP22StorageField]
   psp22: PSP22Data,
   #[PSP22MetadataStorageField]
   metadata: PSP22MetadataData,
   // fields for hater logic
   hated_account: AccountId,
}

impl PSP22 for MyPSP22 {
   // Let's override method to reject transactions to bad account
   fn _before_token_transfer(&mut self, _from: AccountId, _to: AccountId, _amount: Balance) {
      assert!(_to != self.hated_account, "{}", PSP22Error::Custom(String::from("I hate this account!")).as_ref());
   }
}

impl PSP22Metadata for MyPSP22 {}

impl MyPSP22 {
   #[ink(constructor)]
   pub fn new(_total_supply: Balance, name: Option<String>, symbol: Option<String>, decimal: u8) -> Self {
      let mut instance = Self::default();
      Lazy::set(&mut instance.metadata.name, name);
      Lazy::set(&mut instance.metadata.symbol,symbol);
      Lazy::set(&mut instance.metadata.decimals,decimal);
      instance._mint(instance.env().caller(), _total_supply);
      instance
   }

   #[ink(message)]
   pub fn set_hated_account(&mut self, hated: AccountId) {
      self.hated_account = hated;
   }

   #[ink(message)]
   pub fn get_hated_account(&self) -> AccountId {
      self.hated_account.clone()
   }
}

> ```

Reviewer: Add more steps with testing. It can be screens from Canvas UI, or code snippets from integ tests.
